hello again this might be my third video
today let's think of productions her
nuts have enormous start this is going
to be another special no reason making a
lot of videos in the last night day is
because next over the next week or so
I'm not going to have very much time for
making videos I'm going to be very busy
doing other stuff like revising for
tests and stuff so I'm gonna get some
quite as many videos as I can out today
to see how do I keep people happy yep
its earnest um well today if you haven't
guessed there's a lot of flippers in the
arena and that might give you a clue
today to watched it took thought what
today's specialist oh it's my mouth wave
word them or you could just read the
title that would probably be the obvious
thing anyway no title list of flipping
frenzy and this is the 14 frenzy will it
be a flipping funds and you know so
today we're going to in the ring we're
going to be having Dan Tong here the
Grim Reaper chaos - really big cheese
calamity
revenge of toil some of these you have
seen I think calamity you haven't oh
really because you haven't the a
high-flyer and radar both have been
through to the semi-finals so far which
is kind of cool
alright let's register to get this
battle and away them well three two one
activate well also after this actually I
forgot to mention with some weird reason
for then your toilet although in the
pits
well that's not what I forgot to mention
if it also forgot to mention that um I'm
also going to be having a spinning
battle today just to lengthen the time
of the video well
well yes we have a spinning bottle today
as well as living friends a calamity
just surviving back down Tom care coming
get all ganging up on revenge of toilet
wall here or the gloomy / just tryna do
cheese if you notice it's not working
properly that's one is all sellotape on
this we made out for a few years and out
go then yes again i never able to london
on top of volcanic eruption well here we
have a but now they're definitely on the
edge of the pit this time definitely
gonna go down yes they're out like lemon
sample will climb feel very kind of a
good robot you've no the small the radar
semi fire sir well it's a flipping
frenzy i'll say that it's not turning
all the house robots or maybe it is
turning on my house robot this time like
in the real one you could say promising
get back into the action i audio oh what
was kind of pathetic and down in the pic
and go well for deservedly that's even a
real word anyways woody big cheese
oh themselves into the pit and
actually get power made after safety
well the suit really oh yeah mr. psychos
in there I haven't seen him this service
all sergeant Bosch to be honest again we
have shunts been in the arena every
match the service but we haven't like
seen very little of him
oh oh that go tails - out of the arena
yes I flyer who have gotten to semi ow
Raider just landed on my back that's
very kind of you high flies down some
care killing I said killing
I know income price flyer it's again the
semi-finalists community quick oh don't
don't care go down and the annoying high
flyer you flipped laid onto my back goof
will win this battle well anyways had to
put them there did you get there there's
another view anyway next Russell is
going to be the spin-off it's before
which is where I'm gonna call it or some
awesome fits about aspect it will be in
the title as well that's gonna be
between 360 a very good spin up the
revolutionist maybe not so good well I'm
not trying to be they just I didn't make
fools I we've also got a bad version of
Wild Thing yes he cut last of all we
have yeah no he last of all we've got
where've they gone
Achilles heel a random random robot left
so pussycat 360 Wild Thing
bullseye evolutionist Achilles heel well
three two one estimate ant was that fall
star doesn't I'm not too sure
oh yeah before I figure a shout out to
robots Great War two or something yeah
something like that yeah he's got a
great skip series gonna subscribe to him
if you're watching this as well as me if
he wants
there's a Chili's heal and income while
think trying to get under there oh I'm
immediately 360 in the pit that's not
good start
well - isn't really gonna need to start
but I think I've seen this on another
person for like fools I before an
apartment where it was was I saw them I
saw I think it was on my turn some some
what I think was robot boys Revenge
channel I saw this robot like this I
think I didn't try to copy him because I
have had this robot like this for a long
long time anyway I may have started the
series a couple of days ago but it
doesn't mean no revolutionist on their
side that is not a good for the
revolutionist the revolutionist is not
causing the revolution and is in the
pits Achilles heel didn't go over well
to survive we'll see about doing very
little but now getting back into the
action Oh pussycat in the pits they're
out and about wild thing not getting a
chance to use that spinning axe oh
please he'll die says mr. psycho and
Achilles heel
Alwine Achilles heel Oh in the pits what
else is new
spinning now while Singapore while I
think of pushing bullseye thoughts of
people away oh um instead why things
live in themselves not a clever tactic
if you ask me but all's I the winners of
this spinoff yeah I kind of ya know the
name isn't less spin off but still
anyway um do you ever seen the left not
count anywhere or seriously we may see
that in the next heat or maybe not yeah
so next time I'll probably be having
heat heat days it yeah day which will
probably maybe out tomorrow depends if I
thought the vision or something so I'm
trying to get I may have another video
out today just to p-please people toss
it it may possibly be in heat D I don't
know I